[Blog] top 5 things for azure devs severless (#478)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/top-5-things-for-azure-devs-serverless/index.md

---
title: "Top 5 an Azure Developer Needs to Know: Serverless"

> date: 2021-08-06

Reviewer: If the date is in the future, does it publish on that date like most standard Hugo installs?

Author: It kinda does, there's a convoluted explanation [here](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-hugo/blob/master/BLOGGING.md#a-note-on-dates-and-scheduling-for-future-publishing). I just merge on the day of to avoid all the editing.

Reviewer: Ah, makes sense. Thanks!

meta_desc: "Building and deploying serverless functions with Azure."
meta_image: azure-top-5.png
draft: true
authors:
    - sophia-parafina
tags:
    - azure
    - serverless
    - cloud engineering

---

> The [previous article]({{< relref "/blog/top-5-things-for-azure-devs-vm">}}) was deep dive into virtual machines. First, using the Azure Portal to create and deploy a virtual machine; then, repeating the process using infrastructure as code. We further demonstrated how to automate provisioning as part of cloud engineering's build and deploy processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [previous article]({{< relref "/blog/top-5-things-for-azure-devs-vm">}}) was a deep dive into virtual machines. First, we used the Azure Portal to create and deploy a virtual machine; then, we repeated the process using infrastructure as code. We further demonstrated how to automate provisioning as part of cloud engineering's build and deploy processes.
```
